My name is Gabriella.
Ben and I have always enjoyed
attending the meetings.
But lately,
it’s been difficult.
Something was missing
—our son.
It was like watching a movie
of someone else’s family.
I couldn’t believe
this was happening to us.
Our son, Levi,
was no longer
one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
The elders and friends
in the congregation
were so supportive
and understanding.
Many of them
watched Levi grow up,
give his first talk,
get baptized.
I was so torn.
I was disappointed in Levi
for leaving Jehovah,
but I was
more disappointed in myself.
I felt like we
failed him somehow.
I kept wondering
how he was doing.
Was he OK?
Then, as hard
as the past few weeks had been,
it just got harder.
I knew what the Bible said
about “quit mixing in company
with anyone”
who is not living
according to Christian standards.
But I never thought that scripture
would one day apply to me.
Later that evening,
a brother was talking
about the example
of Korah’s sons.
Jehovah confirmed that He
was using Moses
to lead His people,
not Korah.
When the people were told
to move away
from the rebels’ tents,
what would Korah’s sons do?
Would they put loyalty to family
ahead of loyalty to Jehovah?
The Bible tells us
that his sons remained loyal
to Jehovah
and were blessed for it.
That night,
after the meeting,
I told Ben about the text
I received from Levi.
I told him everything
—how I missed Levi so much,
but that I also wanted to be loyal
to Jehovah like Korah’s sons.
Ben admitted that he too
had been struggling
with feelings like mine.
But then he said something
that I hadn’t thought of.
If we were to stand between Levi
and the discipline he needs,
we would, in effect,
be blocking
an expression of Jehovah’s love
from reaching him.
In fact,
it’s our very loyalty
to Jehovah
that could save his life.
We agreed to continue
to put our trust
in Jehovah
and stay loyal to him.
It’s been five years now,
and while Levi
still hasn’t returned to Jehovah,
I haven’t given up hope on him.
Until that day,
I’m staying busy as a regular pioneer
and focusing my energies
on helping others
learn about Jehovah.
I’ve come to experience firsthand
the truth of Psalm 97:10.
Jehovah really does guard
his loyal ones.